[OSDOCS-5529]: Updating links to RHACM docs (#60852)
openshift/openshift-docs: post_installation_configuration/cluster-tasks.adoc

For clusters managed by the multicluster engine for Kubernetes, you can add worker nodes by using the dedicated multicluster engine console.

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/scale_hosts_infra_env#scale-hosts-infrastructure-env[Scaling hosts to an infrastructure environment]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#scale-hosts-infrastructure-env[Scaling hosts to an infrastructure environment]
```
